Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu is pledged to kill Hamas
leader Yaya sinoa he compared this
mission to the death of a Biblical
character called Hamman who was an enemy
of the Jews he said we are fighting and
will be victorious we will enter Rafa
and Achieve total Victory we eliminated
Haman and we will also eliminate
sinoa US vice president kamla Harris is
refusing to rule out consequences for
Israel if it pushes ahead with the
ground invasion of Rafa she made the
comments during an interview on the ABC
News show this
week do you believe that n Yahoo is an
obstacle to peace I believe that we have
got to continue to enforce what we know
to be and should be the priorities in
terms of what is happening in Gaza we've
been very clear that far too many
innocent Palestinians have been killed
we've been very clear that Israel and
the Israeli people in Palestinians are
are entitled to an equal amount of of
security and um and dignity and frankly
we have been very focused on also
getting the hostages out and getting Aid
in N Yahoo appears to just be flat out
ignoring President Biden's warning about
an offensive in
Rafa is that a red line for your
Administration we have been clear in
multiple conversations and in every way
that that any major military operation
in Rafa would be a huge mistake let me
tell you something I have studied the
maps there's nowhere for those folks to
go and we're looking at about a million
and a half people in Rafa who are there
because they were told to go there most
of them and so we've been very clear
that um it would be a mistake to move
into Rafa with any type of military
operation a mistake but would there be
consequences if does move forward well
we're going to take it one step at a
time but we've been very clear in terms
of our perspective on whether or not
that should happen are you ruling out
that there would be consequences from
the United States I am ruling out
nothing